Li feedback blog (#99)
texastribune/texastribune.github.io: src/posts/2023-08-23.md

---
title: 'Summer 2023 Fellow Reflections'
author: 'Li Liu'

> image_url: '/images/posts/li-liu.jpg'

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I noticed the image wasn't loading and I _think_ changing this hyphen to an underscore (to match the filename) should fix it.

```suggestion
image_url: '/images/posts/li_liu.jpg'
```

Intrigued by the symbiotic relationship between technology and journalism and motivated by the prospect of contributing to a vibrant community, I discovered in The Texas Tribune a pathway where I could wholeheartedly invest my efforts.

## What did you do during your fellowship? What have you learned?

Throughout my fellowship, I've engaged with a diverse spectrum of projects, spanning tasks such as refining the front-end of The Tribune to tackling server issues within the admin portal.

Among these endeavors, the first project that truly put my abilities to the test was addressing the challenge of recovering deleted articles. This task demanded a comprehensive approach, encompassing both front-end and back-end solutions. This experience provided me with a significant opportunity for growth and learning.

<figure>
  <img src="{{ '/images/posts/deleted_article_result.png' | url }}" alt="Display messages that appears on top of the screen when deleting articles">
  <figcaption>An example of message after deleting articles</figcaption>
</figure>

> Another notable project I participated in involved assisting Suraj in the realm of machine learning. Given that we were in the experimental stages of machine larning implementation, our objective was to explore the statistical comparison of utilizing The Tribune's code to extract entities against a third-party program. As anticipated, the initial results aligned with our expectations. This prompted us to pivot towards a more advanced approache, wherein we aimed to provide the machine with the contextual framework of teh sentence ontaining entities. 

Reviewer: typo: Small thing, but I noticed some of the letters are off here:

```suggestion
Another notable project I participated in involved assisting Suraj in the realm of machine learning. Given that we were in the experimental stages of machine larning implementation, our objective was to explore the statistical comparison of utilizing The Tribune's code to extract entities against a third-party program. As anticipated, the initial results aligned with our expectations. This prompted us to pivot towards a more advanced approach, wherein we aimed to provide the machine with the contextual framework of the sentence containing entities. 
```
